This data set was obtained using raytracing simulations in the dense urban environment of Manhattan, with two base stations on the ground, equipped with three 8x8 antenna arrays each, to cover 360 degree in the horizontal plane. The antennas operate using millimeter wave frequencies. The receiver locations are arranged in a three dimensional grid, with height ranging from 50 m to 100 m in steps of 25 m. Along the x,y plane, the receiver locations are placed 18.4 meters apart and are 1240 meters by 1050 meters in dimension, along the west-east and south-north axes. 

The dataset contains the channel matrix between between each antenna element of each antenna aray to each receiver location. These matrices are placed under the "HMatrices" folder. There are three altitudes: 50 m, 75 m and 100 m, and 3944 receiver locations at each altitude along the x-y plane. The first receiver location is at the south west corner of the 2D grid. Receiver indices increase from 1 to 68 along the x axis from 1 to 68, at y = 1, towards east, and then wrap around to y = 2, i.e. receiver index 69 corresponds to x = 1 and y = 2, receiver index 70 corresponds to x = 2, y = 2 and so on. The channel matrix files are under the respective .csv files for each BS and antenna array, e.g. "BS1_0.csv" contains the channel matrices for the antenna array of BS1 oriented at 0 degree, "BS1_120.csv" contains the channel matrices for the antenna array of BS1 oriented at 120 degree, and so on. Each .csv file contains 3944 rows and 64 columns. Each row represents a receiver location, and each column represents one of the 64 antenna array elements of the BS. Each cell contains a complex number representing the channel response from the antenna element to the receiver location.

The dataset also contains the best received signal strength at each receiver location, where the maximum value is selected over all three antenna arrays of each of the two BSs. Maximum ratio transmit beamforming is used from each antenna array to each receiver location. These files are under the "BestRSS" folder, with a different file for each of the three altitudes. E.g. powers75m.csv contains the best RSS at an altitude of 75 m and contains 58 rows and 68 columns. Column numbers correspond to the x axis index, while row numbers correspond to the y axis index. The unit of measurement of the best RSS is dBm. Certain receiver locations do not receive adequate signal power, and the best RSS is "-Inf" for such locations.
